5.0.7 update (#3143)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_5.0/update_from_5.0.md

You're now running [Symfony 7.4, the current long-term support version](https://symfony.com/releases/7.4).

> ### `ibexa:setup` command deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [[= product_name_cloud =]] `ibexa:setup` command deprecation
```

> Following the changes introduced in v5.0.6, the `ibexa:setup` command is deprecated as of v5.0.7 and will be removed in v6.0.0.
> Additionally, the `ibexa/cloud` package must be installed for the [[= product_name_cloud =]] build to succeed.
> 
> To learn how to adjust your configuration, see [update instructions for v5.0.6](#ibexa-cloud-configuration-update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the `ibexa/cloud` package must be installed for the [[= product_name_cloud =]] build to succeed.
The command `ibexa:cloud:setup` from this package replaces the deprecated `ibexa:setup`.

To learn how to adjust your configuration, see [update instructions for v5.0.6](#ibexa-cloud-configuration-update).
```
